both Donald Trump and labor are
presiding over increase inequality this
is not a left right issue this is a
poverty issue this is going to happen in
every country and it doesn't matter
who's in charge why are we not talking
about inequality as the cause for
poverty make it common sense of course
it's inequality of course it's
inequality say it again and again share
it share it with your friends share it
with your family share it with anyone
who is any position of power you know
call into the calling shows make this
the new Common Sense the argument is
there the argument is simple we need to
get wealth back into the hands of
ordinary families that means taxing
working people less and rich people more
tax wealth not work protect ordinary
families make it common sense tell your
friends tell your families build a
movement support other people who are
saying the same things be that person
yourself we need more voices singing off
the same him sheet we build we build we
build we build and then we go together
and we win when we have enough power we
can win this argument you win the
argument you get the power you change
the tax system and then you get your
assets back and if we do that I think we
can win